01. Count your life by smiles, not tears. Count your age by friends, not years. Happy birthday!
02. Happy birthday! I hope all your birthday wishes and dreams come true.
03. Whatever you ask may you receive, whatever you seek may you find, whatever you wish may it be fulfilled.
04. Another adventure filled year awaits you. Wishing you a very happy and fun-filled birthday!
05. I hope your special day will bring you lots of happiness, love, and fun. You deserve them a lot. Enjoy!
06. All things are sweet and bright. May you have a lovely birthday Night.
07. Do not ever change! Stay as amazing as you are, my friend.
08. Let us light the candles and celebrate this special day of your life. Happy birthday.
09. Here is to the sweetest and loveliest person I know. Happy birthday!
10. Happy birthday to my best friend, the one I care about the most!
11. Wherever your feet may take, whatever endeavor you lay hands on. It will always be successful. Happy birthday.
12. May this special day bring you endless joy and tons of precious memories!
13. You are very special and that is why you need to float with lots of smiles on your lovely face. Happy birthday.
14. It is as simple as ABC; today makes more sense because of you, Happy birthday.
15. Let your all the dreams to be on fire and light your birthday candles with that. Have a gorgeous birthday.
16. May you continue to improve as a person with each passing year. Wishing you a very happy birthday.
17. Today is the birthday of the person who is spreading joy and positivity all around. May your birthday and your life be as wonderful as you are!
18. Happy birthday! Here is to a bright, healthy and exciting future!
19. The joy is in the air because your special day is here!
20. Wishing my friend a very happy birthday and you don’t need to speak it out loud that I’m your best friend too. Love you, dear.
21. Thanks for being a wonderful son to me. I am so fortunate to have a fantastic son like you.
22. The years we shared while growing up are like treasures to me. I can remember our every moment of laughter. Happy Birthday, my dear friend.
23. Your birthday only comes once a year, so make sure this is the most memorable one ever and have a colorful day.
24. I get a feeling that you will look really good when you get older. So do not feel bad about how you look now. Happy birthday my friend!
25. I do not have words to describe what I feel for you. Meeting you is the best thing that ever happened in my life. Happy Birthday!
26. Today I wish you a fun time, shared with your dear ones, and a lifelong happiness!
27. I always wished to be a great friend like you. But there is no way to be a better friend than you in the world. Happy birthday.
28. Wishing you a wonderful day and all the most amazing things on your Big Day!
29. You know all about me, I know all about you. We’re best friends, yada yada yada. Since we can read each other’s minds I do not need a creative message.
30. Life is tough but birthdays are smooth because I will finally have a chance to smile at you. Happy birthday.
31. May your birthday be full of happy hours and special moments to remember for a long long time!
32. Soon you are going to start a new year of your life and I hope this coming year will bring every success you deserve. Happy birthday.
33. Wishing you a memorable day and an adventurous year, Happy birthday.
34. Hope your birthday is as wonderful and extraordinary as you are.
35. I wish you to enjoy your special day, relax and let yourself be spoiled, you deserve it!
36. I wish you to have a wonderful time on your Day!
37. Wishing a happy birthday to the best person I have ever met in this world.
38. I wish that life brings you a beautiful surprise for every candle on your bday cake!
39. Hugging you do not need any reason but, if there is a reason, more than one hug is a norm. Happy Birthday!
40. Thank you for all the memories we have. Without you, the world would have been colorless to me.
41. I wish you a day filled with great fun and a year filled with true happiness!
42. Let yourself do everything that you like most in life, may your Big Day be cheerful and happy!
43. Wishing you the abundance of fun and glory, Happy Birthday!
44. May this day be so happy that smile never fades away from your face.
45. On your birthday friends wish you many things, but I will wish you only two: always and never. Never feel blue and always be happy!
46. You are the only one who helped me a lot, guided me a lot and never given up when even I was not confident. Thanks for being all the way with me. Happy birthday.
47. I feel proud when I call you my sister. I want to feel this today and every day.
48. May the dream that means most to you, start coming true this year. Happy Birthday!
49. May you enjoy your special day to the fullest extent, buddy!
50. With you, it is always about bringing in fun, in more ways than one, come rain come sun, just fun. Happy Birthday!
